So it's time to reflect a bit and by reflect, I mean, I just really want to make sure you grasp this
concept of the spacer component, because we're going to be applying the same variation model to multiple
baseline components.
And it's important to understand why exactly we're doing this.
Now, if we look at holistically how components work, right holistically, components work by supplying
you kind of the ability to put things on the screen in a certain way.
If we look at a screen, right?
This was a phone screen, and we have two components here, a component A, component B, component
C, now component A, B and C.
They kind of serve a function, and when we talk about a function, it means they're visualizing something,
maybe a picture B, maybe a picture and see maybe text and D, maybe a button.
Right.
Right here.
There's a button you press.
This is not a great picture, by the way.
But what I'm trying to get at here is that even with these visualizations, when we look at how we get
placed on the screen.
At the end of the day, the last thing you want to do is, well, I'm going to put an image here and
I'm going to put a button here and I'm going to style this button specifically for the screen.
I'm going to style this button for this other screen and a style this text for the screen and this text
for the other screen.
No, you want to create components that last the test of time that serve a functionality that can be
used across the code base.
Right.
And this spacer component is just the first step to that.
The spacer component is like a very basic interface in which we're saying, OK, your only job is either
to give a margin top left bottom or right.
That's all you do.
Right.
And we'll give you a position in a size.
And based on that position and size, you're going to either add a margin top, a margin bottom marginal
left, a margin right around this thing instead of having to give the thing itself a margin.
Now, it's not to say it's perfectly correct to give the thing itself a margin, but in terms of consistency
and ability to have consistent styling, I would say, or consistent pattern, I like the spacer component
for that consistency purpose because I always know, OK, I need to push this down a bit.
Well, I'm going to use a spacer component because I can then say to that spacer component, well,
hey, like, for instance, in here, I could say, well, hey, if you're an droid, like over here,
well, I could add like an inline if statement.
Hey, if you're Android, right, do a small otherwise do a large for iOS.
And it becomes very clear like why this is happening, why this is happening and you can read it in
the UI, whereas in a stylesheet, you know, it's going to be nested all the way at the bottom and
then you're going to go look and kind of not understand why exactly this is happening.
It's one of those things.
But then we get to the next part of this, right.
Why enforced consistency?
And we can look over here at our text.
Right.
Our text is currently coming in from Riak Native and our textiles really aren't being addressed.
We have this title over here that we're giving all of these properties and we maybe have some text at
a certain point that's going to have to interact a different way, like over here.
And so because of that, our text really doesn't have consistent styling.
We don't want to go around the code base creating title components that are going to have very specific
styles for very specific title.
No, we want to define what a title looks like once and once only, and then we want to use that across
the code base.
Right now in the restaurant card, there's only one instance of a title because this is the only feature
we've built.
But it's also like it's not a real title.
It's the restaurant card title.
Right.
Imagine if your titles in your application were actually this small.
No.
You want them to be a bit bigger.
So semantically, we're talking about expanding the reasoning around text to be broader than just inline
components like the title component in the restaurant card.
No, we want a broader definition of the text component.
And that's why I dropped this little nugget in here.
Right.
You may have noticed this is not a real Riak native property variant label is not really native.
No, no.
This is something we're going to build variant label and it's going to take into account all of those
different things that we'll be talking about.
Now, with that said, we're going to be building a text component, a custom text component that's
going to take invariance and we're going to get rid of the need to build these inline components like
title that's going to have a very specific type of styling and whatever.
No, we want consistent text across the code base.
And so I wanted to talk about this consistency because it's very important to understand what the purpose
of building something like this space component is.
Right.
This is quintessential complexity.
We're adding complexity to the component to understand how to form styles.
And there's different ways of doing this.
But this way, this way, we're able to create different variations very easily based on just two simple
properties, props and size.
And then we can go to the theme and get the proper spacing right.
So you could have called this value.
You could have called the spacing.
You could have called this whatever under the sun.
But the end goal is that we got this margin bottom right, left or top based on a positional value.
Right.
And we got the size based on a small, medium, large factor.
And so with that, we're now going to extend this same principle out to typography text, specifically
write the text component.
We're going to build the text component that's able to do similar things based on a simple variant,
whether you see label caption or whatever else, we're going to get the styles, the correct styles
for it based off of that.